Fixing `limit` argument for `mati-feed-get-indicators` (#29995)
demisto/content: Packs/MandiantAdvantageThreatIntelligence/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Mandiant Advantage Threat Intelligence

> - Fixing `limit` argument for `mati-feed-get-indicators`

Reviewer: When adding release notes please follow the guide lines on this page:
https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where *limit* argument from ***mati-feed-get-indicators*** command was not parse properly.
```
